# giphyAPI
giphyAPI is a web based application that will display a series of 10 marine animal themed gifs based on the click of a button.  The page starts out with 22 buttons each labeled with a different marine animal.  When the user clicks on a button, static gif images of the marine animal labeled on the button are displayed.  Clicking on any one of these images will change it to an animated gif and clicking on it again will change it back to a static image.  If there is a particular marine animal the user is interested in but there is not button for it, the user can create one.  Simply type the name of the animal in the text box and click on the "Add a Marine Animal button.  This will create a new button that can then be clicked on to display the gifs for that marine animal.   
## About
As you may have guessed, giphyAPI is based on the use of the GIPHY API.  The program is written in javascript with an AJAX call made to the GIPHY API each time one of the buttons labeled with a marine animals name is clicked.  jQuery is used to create the appropriate html structure to display the images once the response is received back from the GIPHY API.  

The names of the marine animals are stored in an array and this same information is stored as a custom data attribute for the button.  When the button is clicked, the custom data attribute value is retrieved and used as the search term in the query URL.  When the user chooses to add a marine animal, the text input is pushed to the array and the buttons are re-rendered without the page being reloaded.  The URL for both static and animated images are captured from the AJAX call response and stored as custom data attributes for the image tag.  When the user clicks on an image, the SRC url is changed to either the static or animated url depending on the value of the custom data-state attribute and the data-state attribute is modified as well. 